fix: #1281 change user-setup.md order to agree with order in setup sc… (#1409)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/user-setup.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Keyboard Selection

> :::note

Reviewer: How about moving this note box to below the `Keyboard Selection:` code block?

Author: I think this is a good idea, but what's the thought on more descriptive titles for the notes? I think once the note gets to be this long it makes it a little harder to parse, and having a more descriptive title might be helpful, but I don't know if this is done elsewhere in the docs.

Reviewer: If I understand you correctly, yes we use titles for note boxes in a few places like here: https://zmk.dev/docs/behaviors/bluetooth#summary. I think we could add a name to this one as well.

Reviewer: @dixls Are you planning to move this to the end of this subsection (and add a note title if you like)? I think that's the only comment I have left, otherwise looks good to me.

Author: Yes! Sorry, I had made these changes and then got pulled away before checking it over and pushing. Let me know how this version looks, not sure if the Note title feels redundant, but it may more successfully grab peoples attention.

> If you are building firmware for a new keyboard or shield that is not included in the built-in

Reviewer: I think we can simplify to just "keyboards" here:
```suggestion
If you are building firmware for a new keyboard that is not included in the built-in
```

> list of keyboards, you can choose any keyboard or shield from the list that is similar to yours to generate the repository,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list of keyboards, you can choose any keyboard from the list that is similar to yours (e.g. in terms of unibody/split and [onboard controller](hardware.mdx#onboard)/[composite](hardware.mdx#composite)) to generate the repository,
```

> and edit / add necessary files according to the [guide for adding new keyboard shield](development/new-shield.md).

Reviewer: It might be good to qualify that the guide is for shields and not for integrated controllers as such:
```suggestion
and edit / add necessary files. You can follow the [new shield guide](development/new-shield.md) if you are adding support for a composite keyboard.
```
